hello my loves welcome one more day to
my channel and the video of today is
a gift gift video that I received from
my dearest friend liz martinez of
channel at home of leaf the link to your channel
I can take it in the little box
information tell them how fast it is
Felix is ​​a great friend that I have
many years since I started
well on youtube
she also makes videos me too and from
this youtube post as we are very
very rich forts and then very
kindly wanted decided then in this
occasion for mothers to send me a
gift that has surprised me very much
very much and I wanted to share with
you the little gifts that she has
sent the first thing that I'm going to show you
are these three products of the brand
Formula fiction and they are one of them is
a palette that is called pop house the ice
and it's in pink and orange colors what
next is a set of three the eyeliner
gel eyeliners one is black one is
blue and the other is silver and the other is
an eye mask so that I
had also sent these four
wet and white products one of them
is an illuminator the mega glow and three in
lipsticks of the three reales yo
I have simply used one because I
loved the color of techno came from this
thought that because this is like a slice
nude salmon and it's number 372 and then
the others all because I have not opened them
I can not tell them exactly how about
the color with my skin or anything but it 's the
number 541 by the number 522 and then
also ordered accessories these are for
my little Mayan daughter who are the hook for
hair and a wristband but that very
pretty like pearls because she already knows
What mesh does pearls love?
and now also for the mesh mom I
even it was already so incredibly in
generous and kind because he also sent
gifts to my other children these are
of teacher I sent my son álex
also sent some carts and toys
but he already knew
and the last thing I'm going to show you is this
palette if my loves she sent me this
gift palette that is the monarch of
cat background and this palette the day that I take
the gift with him I opened it immediately and the
the palette used the laying itself and
also a tutorial makeup then it
I'm going to do it in another video because in
he simply wants to show you the
little things so beautiful that she
commanded and the palette looks like this
this magnetic magneres and this is the
palette
one of my favorites are the little gifts
I wanted to show them that and so
graciously he has sent me
very many many thanks list and
nothing is very well forbidden to them
liked and will be until next time
bye